this is Matt gray he gives high fives
and this is a cardboard cutout of Matt
gray assembled by a crack team of
professional but which one can get more
high fives in ten minutes
tonight on the mean streets of York we
find out this is the Matt gray high five
face on well you join us here on this
cloudy December afternoon in York
cutouts in position and that's ready so
let's start the plot both of them have
ten minutes to get as many high fives as
possible so start the cut out there but
Matt straight off with a left-handed
double take spin an excellent opening
gambit for two points bit of interest
from some local kids there but no only
one high-five given there that's just
one point through content Matt's going
for the pensioners she spurned him but
yes that's good the band of struck up by
the cutout and it looks quiet no wait
thank you Matt and glad you enjoyed it
three minutes in and it looks like
Matt's having a bit of trouble following
people doesn't help that much i won
that's a raised child slow slap one
point four cut out there he's asking the
questions but he's not getting the
answer he wants that's not a high-five
that's a punch in the hand discussions
of some kind oh that's a high ten that's
the kind of professionalism we've come
to expect from a content of this caliber
shear class the cutout left mostly
ignored with the lull in the crowd I'm
fairly certain Mack's pulling ahead one
from the child and one from the mother
housewives favorite Matt gray strikes
again big big crowd here today oh what's
this oh that's incredible
a double granny simultaneous sideswipe I
haven't seen one of those since Italy in
the semi-finals in 1983 and where did
she come from out of nowhere that's
where
out of nowhere and back to the street
and he's got a second one unbelievable
even if the kids in hats go for the
cutout surely it doesn't stand a chance
now Matt gray in full-on bounce mode now
surely nothing can stop this contender
he's absolutely in the zone and the
cutout is just left standing still one
two
three four in a row this is incredible
she's not going to be enough to save the
cadets chances and with the clocks done
to run shot oh that's a full-on power
blast that's got to hurt
but it just doesn't show and even the
crowds at the cutout seem to sense the
impending crushing defeat and all I word
it seems you can get the stuff these
days no contest here now Matt gray is
dozens of high fives ahead of his
competitor but cut out just getting
scored blocks from teenage girls I'm
about grazing here with the under-18
Crowley over-30s as I said before
housewives favorite Incan card just
can't compete there one two three
even the police it seems have no
interest in a free high five from the
cutout or was this it's a traffic warden
can he get the traffic water yes yes
unbelievable the first authority figure
of the night the points go to Matt gray
in the final ten seconds they cut out
I'm sure
thinks it's all over oh it is now I'm
flying two hundred Buster jump with
follow-through never attended
professional competition before but it
worked the final scores ladies and
gentlemen the end of the round the end
of a contest it's a staggering 112 to
Matt gray and only 23 to his cardboard
replica that has been the Matt gray
high-five face-off
the victor Matt gray
you